Create 2026-03-25.md (#770)
solid/specification: meetings/2026-03-25.md

* SC: It's not that complicated of an excercise. If CG is snapshotting those are the specs that CG can provide, e.g., CG-DRAFT, CG-FINAL, about as "mature" as it gets. In cases where there are multiple options we can gather some data behind it. I worry that there is a diffeence between primer or document recommending a snapshot of something that has a promise of interop. Going from having something, Solid WebID Profile has been around as long as I can remember. There is some data that Jeff has provided. Dropping that and picking up something else is premature.

### Solid 2026 best practise documents
https://github.com/orgs/solid/projects/18/views/1

#### WebID or WebID-Profile

* JZ: Comment from Jesse about profile not being implemented differs from what my crwler shows. https://jeff-zucker.github.io/solid-load-profile/ has the data showing that Solid WebID Profile is used.

> * JW: To the best of my knowledge is not consistenly implemented across severs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* JZ: Comment from Jesse about profile not being implemented differs from what my crawler shows. https://jeff-zucker.github.io/solid-load-profile/ has the data showing that Solid WebID Profile is used.
* JW: To the best of my knowledge, it is not consistently implemented across servers.
```
